write following functions -->

✅1. isEven - Write a function that determines if a given number is even or not 

✅2. isOdd using isEven - Write a function that determines if a given number is odd or not. Use the isEven function

✅3. square - Write a function that provides the square of a give a number

✅4. cube - Write a function that provides the cube of a number using the square function already written.

✅5. GCD - Write a function that provides the greatest common divisor of two given numbers

✅6. LCM - Wite a function that provides the least common multiple of two given numbers (use the HCF function)

✅7. Simple Interest - Write a function that calculates the Simple interest on a given sum with a rate of interest over a given time period

✅8. Compound Interest - Write a function that calculates the Compound interest on a given sum with a rate of interest over a given time period

✅9. Temperature Conversion - Write a program that converts a Temperature form fahrenheit to centigrade

✅10. Temperature Conversion - Write a program that converts a Temperature form centigrade to fahrenheit

✅11. Greatest of three numbers - Write a function that calculates the largest of three numbers 

✅12. Average of three numbers - Write a function that calculates the average of three numbers

loops -->

1. Factorial - Write a function that calculates the factorial of a number

2. Fibonacci - Write a function that PRINTS the fibonacci series

3. Odd Number Series - Write a function that PRINTS odd numbers between 1 and N

4. Even Number Series - Write a function that PRINTS even numbers between 1 AND N

5. Multiplication Table - Write a function that will PRINT a multiplication table of any number 'm' up until a number 'n'. So, m*1, m*2....m*n.

6. Sum of any N numbers - Write a function that uses loops to calculate the sum of the any N numbers. Ex: 4+5+6+7+8=30

7. Product of any N numbers - Write a function that uses loops to calculate the sum of the any N numbers. Ex: 2*3*4*5*6 = 720

8. Print all odd numbers between any two numbers - Write a function that PRINTS odd numbers between any number and N

9. Print every nth number between any two number - Write a function that PRINTS every nth number between any two numbers:
(every 7th number between 1 and 100) 1,8,15,22,29,36,...
(every 4th number between 3 and 15) 3 7 11 15

10. Sum of all even numbers between any two numbers - Write a function that calculates the sum of all even numbers between any two numbers

11. Print all odd numbers between N and 1 backwards - Write a function that PRINTS all odd numbers between N and 1, BACKWARDS.